c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\test_lightpoint.dll.config
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\test_lightpoint.dll
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\test_lightpoint.pdb
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\obj\Debug\test_lightpoint.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\obj\Debug\test_lightpoint.dll
c:\users\pan017\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\obj\Debug\test_lightpoint.pdb
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\test_lightpoint.dll.config
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\test_lightpoint.dll
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\test_lightpoint.pdb
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\obj\Debug\test_lightpoint.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\obj\Debug\test_lightpoint.dll
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\obj\Debug\test_lightpoint.pdb
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\App_Data\ShopDB.mdf
E:\test_lightpoint\test_lightpoint\bin\App_Data\ShopDB_log.ldf
